Her rate it's time to start working on our front end of the application before we do that.
I'm just going to quickly get repository.
I'm going to add and commit all the changes that we've made so far.
This is mostly just for section and then I go through so that we can have good stopping points.
And so I can easily share this code with you for each section so you can just call this initial what
we're going to do now is go into our client folder and if you look there's nothing here.
We're actually going to do is instead of working in this client folder we're going to remove it because
we're going to use create react and create re-act app is going to make a folder for us.
So we'll call that order client.
This is going to make a new folder for us called the warbler client great looks like we've created a
folder with CD into Wadler Klein.
And here I'll make sure to add some instructions as well to get you up and running with Creevey at that.
So what do we want to do right now.
Let's go take a look at all this code and Visual Studio code.
And let's go to our package HAISONG here.
We're going to place our dependencies for our application in our package.
Jason there's one more here that we really want to add.
And that's going to be a proxy and what we're going to do is proxy HDTV colon slash slash Bigelow's
1881.
This is simply going to make our life easier.
We start making progress.
What it will do is use localhost 881 as the default packet only but as an Heroku things will be a bit
different.
We're going to make our life easier when dealing with Ajax requests and the same origin policy that
we spoke about earlier.
So it's got to the terminal and install some important dependencies.
We're going to need CEOs to make our Ajax requests.
We could use fecche if we want but I find actually a little bit easier to work with.
We're going to also install a module called double-CD code to decode the middle part of those tokens
or the payload Renault-Nissan moment in time hours and the moment.
So that can create components from re-act moment is going to be used again in our timeline to display
a nice time helper's.
We're also going Apria redux re-act router Dom and we want to make sure we use redux as well and redux
and to manage asynchronous requests.
These are all our essential dependencies and if we miss one that's OK we'll go through each one as we
see them in action.
Now that that's finished let's go back to Visual Studio code and then start making an important folder
structure for this application.
Our goal is really to build something that scales as our application scales.
So inside of our SIRC folder we're going to create a couple of folders on a folder for my components.
These are going to be really components.
Then we get another folder for containers.
And these are also components but ones that are connected to our redux the we're then going to make
a folder for higher order components we call these Hock's.
We'll explain what hacks are in quite a bit of detail later on when we deal with authentication.
Let's also make a folder for images.
We're going to add a couple of those.
And I'll make a folder for services you may be wondering what services are inside of services.
We're going to place logic that relates to communicating with our API.
We're going to build a very generic function the losses to communicate with our API with a tremendous
amount of flexibility.
We'll see that know a little bit.
Finally let's make one more folder.
This is going to be for our store.
We're going to place all of our redux related logic actions reducers action creators and so on.
Let's look at a couple of files.
We don't need that after the SS Let's leave that test files.
Well we don't need that and let's good to that logo e.g..
So really just doing a little bit of cleanup to make sure our application works the way we want it to
and we're going to move this Abdur as component into containers.
And maybe wondering why or actually as is going to be side of our containers.
Well this is going to be the component that connects to the redux or using that special provider component
that will import in a little bit.
We're also going to make sure that our index that has is there that looks good and our index at DSS
is here.
We'll add a little bit of the s s later but for now this is the basic folder structure that we want
inside of our store.
We're going to need to start adding some pretty essential files.
So let's add a fuller for producers will also have a folder for our actions and we're going to make
one file as well for action types these will just be some constants that will import into other files
inside of our store.
We're also going have a file called indexed digests this file is going to be important for configuring
the store.
So we have actions we have reducers of our action types.
We're going to do in the next section is start from here and set up our redux or think about some actions
and reducers that we need before we start focusing on the components and the visuals.
Let's make sure we set up our state and connect to our backed.